Add Prometheus to list of other ROS1 resources (#1249)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/ros/ros1.md

- [PX4 ROS Setups](../ros/README.md#ros-setups).
- [XTDrone](https://github.com/robin-shaun/XTDrone/blob/master/README.en.md) - ROS + PX4 simulation environment for computer vision.
  The [XTDrone Manual](https://www.yuque.com/xtdrone/manual_en) has everything you need to get started!

> - [Prometheus Open Source Autonomous Drone Project](https://github.com/amov-lab/Prometheus/blob/master/README_EN.md) - Prometheus is an open source autonomous drone software platform, which provides full set of solutions for the intelligent and autonomous flight of drones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Prometheus Autonomous Drone Project](https://github.com/amov-lab/Prometheus/blob/master/README_EN.md) - Prometheus is a ROS 1 based, BSD-3 licensed collection of autonomous drone software packages from [AMOVLab](https://github.com/amov-lab), which provides a full set of solutions for the intelligent and autonomous flight of drones, such as mapping, localization, planning, control, and target detection, fully integrated with the Gazebo Simulator.
```

>   This project is based on the PX4 Autopilot, and aims to provide PX4 developers with mature airborne computer terminal programs, bringing a more concise and faster development experience.

Reviewer: This sentence is redundant, and I think we can remove it.

>   At present, modules such as mapping, localization, planning, control and target detection have been integrated, along with Gazebo simulation.

Reviewer: Let's remove and add the above.
